we are here with the one and only luis
collazo who just announced kickoff press
conference here for his big showdown
with Victor Ortiz Super Bowl week
Brooklyn doesn't get much bigger than
this this is the fight you have called
for for a long time you know you you
seem to always get passed over for these
big fights here's that big stage talk a
little about getting the opportunity Oh
huh move for the opportunity you know
I've been trying to get a fight this
type of catapult quite some time and
it's finally here generate dirty of the
boxing fans are just gonna get a strap
against oh no I can't we talk about you
know obviously the disc Golden Boy
partnership with Fox Sports 1 has really
been you know plus the Barclays center
has really been the thing to put you
push you back in the spotlight and
you've gotten some real key wins in
those in those debuts on those shows
talk a little bit about how that has
helped you all right all right helped me
tremendously you know to try to get back
on the spotlight I want to thank
foxsports1 forgive me the opportunity to
barclay my hometown there's nothing like
fainting at home and giving the fans
what they want and there's a lot of
months in fancy a new york but to be
able to come out and give the fans what
they want excitement on TV everybody can
watch it nothing better now Victor very
famously has had a few meltdowns in a
ring they're well documented they've
been on the biggest stages and they've
really it's really hurt his career
because he's gotten a lot of negative
press he's been dubbed a quitter twice
now talk about that in that mentality
when you're up against a guy like Victor
Ortiz oh no you know the past that's his
past well I do gotta deal with my
present but um a lot of people come
tomorrow a lot of times but hey he's a
fighter when you in that ring it doesn't
matter what you doing I remember you got
a heart just to get in it but he quit
that's on him he better not quit january
thirtieth but it could be it could
probably end something like that if he
gets frustrated
roles were reversed your last fight was
his fight with hostess Tito Lopez it's
Louis the Colossus luis collazo the guy
you choose as your first fight back no
absolutely not you know I give I think
I'll give anybody any any of these
fighters at subsonic just my style and
just my determination just it's crazy
but hey this is what your chosen be
ready there's already some congestion
and rumor that the winner of this fight
maybe the guy who takes on Danny Garcia
and his next fight I'm sure the Golden
Boy suits you would think anyway are
craving to get that the Ortiz matchup
are you looking to be the guy to upset
that apple cart hey this is my main guy
right here gotta focus on victories and
whatever happens after that happens but
january thirty if i'm coming out with
that of you right well we do appreciate
a few minutes our time good luck on the
30th and we'll see you then thank you